This series is crafted for the purpose of entertainment.
All characters, behaviours, settings, and events depicted in this drama are entirely fictitious.
They are not designed to allude to any particular entity, occupation, or group of people.
Viewer discretion is advised.
[North Star Entertainment]
[ช่อง 7 HD]
[OnStream.Asia]
♫ I’m just someone, who isn’t that perfect ♫
♫ But for you, I’m willing to give it all ♫
♫ Whether you’d love me, or care about me or not ♫
♫ That’s for you to decide, but as for me I’m… ♫
♫ (Going to be right here) not going anywhere ♫
♫ (Hold my hand) stay by my side ♫
♫ Just turn around and you’ll see ♫
♫ You’ll always have me by your side ♫
♫ In this marriage that our love will last forever♫
♫ I promise I’ll give you all my heart♫
♫ Remember when I said…♫
♫ That I’ll take great care of you♫
♫ I promise those words will always stay true♫
[The Earth]
[Previously]
Just a tiny sip.
But…
Please don’t turn me down.
Mr. Wasu! Mr. Wasu!
There’s a fire at the end of our farm.
Mr. Wasupol is involved in human trafficking.
He wants to use the land on your farm as a route for smuggling people across the border.
Rose!
You can’t go in there!
How dared he trespass into someone else’s house.
Come with me!
Let her go!
Come stay with me at my farm.
You want me to move to Saen Rak farm?
You don’t have to worry about breaking your promise with my dad.
I’ll stop taking care of you only when you say so.
Is she working on the farm now?
She left for Chiang Mai this morning to meet the client.
Miss Din!
I think we’ve been followed.
Yeah, since we were in the city centre.
You knew?
That’s intentional!
Watch out!
Ouch!
Miss Din!
You’re asking for it, bitch!
Who sent you?
Think then. Whose toes you’ve stepped on lately?
That’s the one who sent us to teach you a lesson!
Took you long enough, Lom.
You’re going to use yourself as bait?
You can’t do that. It’s too dangerous.
But what if it’d get us solid evidence to arrest that bastard Wasu?
I think it'd be worth the try.
But…
We don’t have any faster choice.
Or do you?
Are you all right?
Maybe not, if it had taken you longer.
Don’t worry, I was right behind all along.
Just had to wait until I could get them caught red-handed.
Thanks a lot.
Miss Lom?
That was your plan, Miss?
I was scared to death.
I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier.
- Rose.
- Din.
It’s late. Why are you still up?
I can’t sleep. I’m worried about you. I want to make sure you’re back safely.
Am I interrupting something?
Hello.
This is Lom, my younger cousin.
Hello, Lom.
Hello, Rose.
Finally, we met. She talks about you a lot.
You look so pretty in per…
She’s a cop. That’s why I need her help on Uncle Thip’s case.
I see.
[So pretty]
She’ll stay over tonight. Why don’t you go and get some rest first?
It’s late. We can talk tomorrow.
Okay then. See you tomorrow.
Goodnight.
Geez, what was that?
What? She’s pretty so I compliment her. What’s wrong with it?
It’s wrong because Rose isn’t your friend.
Oh, I totally forgot that she’s your girl.
Back off…or I’ll shoot you.
Aren’t you going to tell her about what happened today?
No, I don’t want to scare her.
How very caring of you.
What? You have to let them go?
Okay, got it. Thanks a lot.
How is it?
They refused to tell us who sent them.
They said they got sideswiped by your car, so they went after you to pay for it.
Someone has already bailed them out.
His backup is really powerful.
That superintendent brat is probably one of them too.
Hey, watch your mouth. Or you’ll be transferred somewhere far away again.
Who cares? I’m not afraid of him. Who the hell does he think he is?
Now what?
At first, I thought this plan could’ve turned the situation in our favour.
But since it has turned out like this,
I guess I’ll have to find a way to take them down completely, just like what Uncle Thip tried to do.
You’re going to fight them alone?
I can’t let you risk yourself like that.
Don’t worry, we have someone who can help us.
Who?
It’s Fah. The police mightn’t be able to help us but the journalist can.
I’ll do anything to expose them and their illicit trade.
Excuse me.
You’ve called the right person, Din. My team and I are working on this case.
We’ve received a lot of messages from the followers on our page that many girls have been missing lately.
But some of them are willing to do it. Like those girls on my farm.
They told their parents it’s a surrogacy job.
But eventually, their relatives couldn’t get a hold of them.
I sent someone to spy on them and gather more information.
We found out that it’s human trafficking.
They’re smuggling girls to our neighboring countries.
[Fah]: But we still don’t have enough information that’d get us to the last boss.
I’m sure those men are working for Mr. Wasupol.
I want you to help us expose them.
Sure. Let’s trade our information.
I’ll send you everything I know, in case Lom might be able to look further into it.
[Chaing Rai Case]
That Wasupol is a complete bastard.
If he can finally get his hands on Chomchan farm, he’d probably be fearless.
With this much benefit, I’m sure he’d do anything to acquire that land.
I have to make Wasu change his target, so that he’d leave Rose alone.
That’s easy.
If he wants to marry Rose because he wants the land on her farm,
then don’t let him marry her, and she’ll be safe.
That’s easy for you to say. But how?
Well, as long as Rose agrees…
Agree? Agree to what?
You have to marry Rose.
Make them think she gives you her farm.
And that it’s you who owns everything, not her.
Trust me, they’ll surely go crazy like a mad dog.
I don’t think she’ll agree.
But this is the only way to keep her safe.
I’m waiting for you, Dad.
Please wake up soon and give me a hug.
[Door knocking]
Excuse me, the doctor would like to talk to the relative.
You go then, I’ll stay here with Uncle.
Thank you, Din.
Uncle Thip…
If I’m going to fix this situation by marrying Rose, will you be okay with it?
What did the doctor say?
He said Dad might still be in this condition for a while.
You visit him almost every day. I think Uncle knows it somehow.
I’m sure he’ll get better and be able to give you a hug soon.
Thank you, Din.
Is there anywhere you want to go next? I’ll take you there.
I want to go to Chomchan farm.
I want to put these roses in a vase in my house.
So that it’d make me feel as if my parents were still near.
Come, let me do it for you.
Thank you.
Rose.
Yes?
Thank you.
Please marry me.
Please marry me, Rose.
Rose!
[Little Rabbit: Miss you so much. When are you coming back?]
[Lom: Come to Chiang Rai then. I’ll take you around.]
Hi, Rose. Rose?
Rose!
She can’t see me?
Hey, what’s wrong with Rose? Is Uncle Thip getting worse?
It’s not Uncle Tip. It’s me who’s in trouble.
What is it?
You suggested I should marry Rose, right? I don’t think this plan would work anymore.
Why?
I don’t think she’d want to marry me.
Don’t tell me…Did you already propose to her?
Serve you right. Now I know why she quickly walked away like that. Crystal clear.
What did I do wrong?
Everything. You still have the guts to ask?
Suddenly proposing to her like that, who wouldn’t be in shock?
You should’ve come and asked your life coach first.
What should I tell her then?
You have to explain to her about our plan first. Tell her why you want to marry her.
Tell her you have to marry her because you want to help her.
But I don’t even have the courage to tell her about what happened yesterday.
If she finds out that I’m using myself as bait, she’ll definitely say no.
And do you think she’d say yes to this?
She probably thinks you’ve gone nuts by now.
So…What should I do then?
Should I go and explain everything to her now?
Not yet. Give her some time.
What you should do now is to come up with a good reason to make her agree to marry you.
It’s not too late, isn’t it? Wouldn’t she think I’m not right in the head by now?
Lom. Lom.
- Suit yourself then.
- Lom, wait. Lom!
Hey! Lom!
[Rose: A prince must be with a princess.]
[Rose: Will the prince marry this princess from the land of rose?]
[Din: What kind of a princess proposes to a prince first?]
[Rose: Din!]
[Din: Yes, I’ll marry you.]
[Din: Rose, will you marry me?]
[Din: Please marry me, Rose.]
[Lom: She probably thinks you’ve gone nuts by now.]
- I'll use these to make you some salad.
- Sounds good.
Din.
Are you leaving, Miss?
Why don’t you stay for breakfast with Miss Rose first?
Maybe not. I have a lot to take care of today.
You’re not avoiding her, aren’t you?
Avoiding? Who is she avoiding?
Don’t listen to her nonsense, Aunt Chan.
Morning, Rose!
Well, I’m…I’m going then.
- Miss Lom.
- Yes?
What is going on?
Oh, I’m so hungry now. Let’s go eat. I want to eat some vegetables.
I’ll make you salad then. But you have to tell me everything.
Moddang!
What are you doing, Miss?
Get in here first.
What happened, Miss?
What is it?
What’s wrong, Miss?
Moddang, I don’t know what to do now.
What happened?
Yesterday, Din…
Miss Din what? Did she and Mr. Wasu fight again?
No, not him.
Din just…
Yes?
She…
She proposed to me!
See? You already look so stunned just by hearing it.
She proposed. Miss Din proposed to you!
Miss Din proposed to you!
She seems quiet on the outside, but she’s actually down bad for you much more than I thought.
It’s been only a few days after you came back and she’s already proposed to you!
Stop talking rubbish.
What rubbish, Miss? It’s all true.
Remember that day when you first came back? She was right there to protect you.
Or the other day after that incident on our farm, she also asked you to move in with her.
And now she even proposed to you too!
If it were me, I’d definitely say ‘Yes!’ without even thinking.
How can I marry her? We’re not lovers.
Aw, look at those people in the past, Miss. You’ll grow to love her soon after marriage.
But I’m not like those in the past.
I’m a gen-Z girl.
Geez, who cares about that? Miss Din is such a sweet person.
Whoever has the chance to be close to her will definitely fall for her.
Whatever. I’m not going to do it.
Why not, Miss?
Miss Din is considered top-tier around here. Rawr!
No! I’ve decided.
I’m going to be clear and tell her I won’t marry her.
That’s such a waste, Miss. Please think it over a little.
Moddang. No.
Geez, why is it so hard to ship them together?
Miss Rose! Please think about it again!
Aunt Chan.
Yes?
Have you seen Din?
She should be in the office by now.
And Miss Lom has gone to the city centre. They’ll probably be back in the evening.
Is the office far from here?
Not at all. It’s that way, just less than 10-minute walk.
Thank you.
Oh, are you going to go there now, Miss?
The sun is quite strong outside. I’ll tell Miss Din to come here instead.
It’s all right. I can walk there.
Miss Rose, I’ll go with you too.
It’s quite hot. Let’s stay under the umbrella.
Not hot at all. You’re just being nosy, aren’t you?
Of course not. Miss Din told me I shouldn’t let you go anywhere alone.
You’ve only been here a few days and she’s already bought you off?
Oh, she doesn’t have to do that.
Just by seeing her face, I’m willing to go through heaven and hell for her.
Moddang! She’s not someone you can joke around like that.
Behave yourself.
Oh, are you jealous?
Wait for me, Miss!
Please don’t be upset.
Is she really in the office?
I can’t see her anywhere.
But Aunt Chan said she’s here.
Load them on the truck with the rest of the fertilizers too.
Oh, hello, Miss Rose.
Hello.
What are you doing here, Miss?
Er…I’m Kla, head of the workers here.
You know who I am?
Yes, Miss. Miss Din told me to take care of you if you ever come to visit here.
She said it’s very easy to know it’s you since you’re very beautiful. So, I’d be able to know right away.
Maybe it’s easier if she introduces me to everyone here.
I thought so too, Miss.
So, where is she now?
She has gone to the city centre with Kaew.
When she’s back, I’ll tell her that you came looking for her, Miss.
Please excuse me then, I must get back to work.
Yes, thank you.
You’re welcome.
- Is it fresh?
- Yes.
Who’s Kaew?
She’s Miss Din’s assistant, and also Mr. Kla’s daughter.
I see. An assistant.
Yes. But they are very close. They’ve been friends since they were still in school.
After she graduated, Miss Din asked her to help with the work here.
She helps Miss Din taking care of this farm.
If you see Miss Din anywhere, you’ll also see Miss Kaew there.
They seem close indeed.
But don’t worry, Miss. Although they might be really close,
they’re just friends and nothing more.
Why are you so quiet? Is it because you’re jealous?
Why would I be jealous? I’m just curious. If Din and Miss Kaew are that close,
why didn’t she propose to her then? Why proposed to me?
Jealous for sure!
Miss Rose, wait for me too!
Hi, Rose. Aunt Chan said you went looking for Din.
Why are you back alone? Is Din still working?
She’s gone out with Miss Kaew since noon.
I mean, she’s gone out for work since early morning.
Perhaps…is there something bothering your mind?
Yes?
Is it about Din’s marriage proposal?
You know about it too?
Yes. How should I say it? Well, it was actually my idea.
What do you mean?
It means I told her to do that.
I told her that marrying you would be the best way to keep you safe from Mr. Wasupol’s harm.
Safe? How?
If you agree to marry Din, everyone would think that…
Din now owns everything instead of you. That’d make you safer.
At least, this means Mr. Wasupol will no longer have any excuse to make you marry his son.
So, Din proposed to me because it was a plan that you suggested?
Hmm…yes.
She isn’t quite good at communicating. That might’ve made you misunderstand her.
I also find it strange for her to suddenly propose to me like that.
Now that you know the truth, will you agree to marry her?
I really appreciate your concern, Lom.
But for me, marriage must come after love.
But if we have to wait for you to fall in love, it might already be too late.
Also, it’s just a fake marriage.
But I don’t want Din to sacrifice that much and put herself in danger for me.
I’ve already caused her much enough problems.
But Din chose to do it herself.
Thank you, Lom. I’ll think about it.
Aren’t you sleepy, Miss?
I can barely keep my eyes open now.
Just go to bed then. You don’t have to wait with me.
But Miss Din said…
Moddang, just go to sleep. I can wait for her alone.
Well, then…please don’t stay up so late, Miss.
I wish you would wake up soon, Dad.
I’m so confused right now.
The light in the house is still on. Miss Rose is probably waiting for you.
Rose? I don’t think so.
Excuse me for prying, but are you two having a problem?
When we were with the client today, I noticed you were quite distracted.
It’s nothing.
I’m sorry I didn’t help you drive today.
Kaew, I never think of you as an assistant. You’re my friend.
So, how’s your wrist? Is it better?
Much better now. Not that hurt anymore, Miss.
I’ll try to get back to normal soon so that I can drive for you.
What about your forehead?
It’s getting less swollen now.
Yeah, the red mark has gone.
Din!
Rose.
This is Kaew, my assistant.
Hello, Miss Rose.
Hello, Miss Kaew.
Don’t you think you’re overworking Miss Kaew?
It’s almost midnight but she still can’t get off work.
Oh, not at all. I’m used to it. You have to be quite flexible when working with her.
You seem to know her so well, Miss Kaew.
So, how come you’re still up?
I’m waiting for you.
Me? Why?
To continue where we left off.
I won’t be able to sleep if we don’t clear it up.
I’d better head home then, so that you and her can talk.
That’s all right, Miss Kaew. Since you’re her assistant and very close to her, you’re welcome to stay.
It’s about your marriage proposal.
Well, actually…I can explain about that, Rose.
You don’t have to. Just listen to me. I already have an answer.
I will marry you. We’ll get married as soon as possible.
Lom. Lom!
Lom, Lom, Lom, Lom!
Lom! Wake up! Wake up, Lom!
- Wake up!
- What?
Rose just agreed to marry me!
What?
Rose agreed to marry me!
Really?
Yes! What should I do next?
Where should I have the wedding? At a hotel or maybe
Stop!
It’s midnight. Calm down.
Calm down.
I was a little too happy.
As if you were going to marry for real, huh?
Isn’t it just a fake marriage?
But even so, we have to make it as best as we can to show Rose that we are respectful.
Roger that, Miss groom-to-be.
I’m going back to sleep then. I’ll congratulate you tomorrow.
Hey, wait! Lom, wait!
Lom! Wake up!
Who am I going to talk to then?
Wake up!
- Lom!
- Geez, so noisy!
Hey, wake up. I can’t sleep, Lom.
What the heck have I done?
It’s not true!
How could I face her tomorrow?
Rose, you’re up early.
Yes, you too.
- About last night…
You go first.
About last night, were you serious?
Yes, I’m serious.
Then, there’s a lot we have to talk about.
Talk about what?
Hey, don’t be so serious. We’re not married for real anyway.
Of course, I have to be serious. Although it’s a fake marriage, we have to make everyone believe we’re married for real.
Otherwise, our plan would mean nothing.
What do I have to do then?
First, we must keep it a secret.
Don’t let anyone know it’s a fake marriage.
Not even Moddang?
Yes.
What about Miss Kaew?
I won’t tell her too.
She’ll only know that we’re having conflicts with Nubanun farm. But she’ll never know about our fake marriage.
Okay.
Right now, we can’t trust anyone.
I believe there’s a mole on our farm who keeps informing Wasu about us.
I promise I won’t tell anyone.
Right now, apart from you and me, there are also Nam, Lom, and Fai whom I’ll tell them about this secret.
Everyone in my family will also welcome you as one of the Watinwanich.
So that you can rest assured you’re not facing this problem alone.
Everyone will help protect you.
Thank you.
Is there anything else?
Second, no matter where you go or whatever you do,
you should always let me know.
And I’ll also do the same to you.
Yes.
I’ll do my best to arrange our wedding and make it look as real as possible.
Also…
Also what?
Also, we have to sign a certificate of marriage to make it legal.
So that Wasu and his dad will believe us.
But you don’t have to worry.
I’ll write a contract stating that I’ll never touch any of your assets or properties.
Or if you want, you can divorce me anytime.
That’s fine. I understand we have to make it look real, both by law and in practice.
In practice? Do you really know what that means?
Of course, I do.
Finally, if you ever meet someone you love and want to cancel this marriage,
you can always let me know.
Yes.
If one day, you have someone you love and want to cancel this marriage,
you can always let me know too.
Deal.
[Din: One day, I’ll become strong and protect you, Rose.]
[Din: I promise.]
[Rose: You promise!]
Is she really going to marry you as soon as possible?
Yes. And since you’re the one who came up with this plan,
you have to be responsible by helping me arrange the wedding.
Nope! I’m a cop not a wedding planner.
- No way. No.
- Hey,wait. Hold it right there.
Listen, you’re the most experienced one among our siblings.
You’re a pro in this, with the most experience and the most flings.
You must know what people who are going to marry want, or what they have to do.
It’s true that I have a lot of flings. But so far, I haven’t met anyone I want to marry yet.
Why do you have to rub it in?
Oh, what to do then?
Why don’t you just ask Nam?
She owns a hotel. She surely has arranged hundreds of weddings there. That one is the real pro.
That’s right!
Nam: I already know.
Lom called and told me everything yesterday.
Nam: Don’t worry, Din.
I’ll arrange the best wedding for you.
As for the venue, let me go there and take a look first.
But it’s quite urgent. Are you sure you can do it?
Nam: Easy peasy. I even used to arrange a wedding where the groom ran away in the middle of the ceremony.
Then, please tell Fai for me. I can’t get a hold of her at all.
Not sure if she’s stuck in the mine or on a deserted island somewhere.
Okay.
Fai: What did you say?
What? Din is getting married?!
With who? And when? Why? Can we trust that person?
When did they fall in love? Why have I never heard about it?
Nam will come here to take care of the venue.
Mhm. But right now, you have to take care of yourself first.
Huh?
Although it’s just a fake marriage, I genuinely want this wedding…
to be a good memory, and leave a great impression in your heart.
Hello, Miss Din.
This way, please.
Excuse me?
Yes?
How is it, Miss?
It fits you perfectly.
If you like this style, you can also choose the colour and the fabric pattern.
Does it really suit me?
Yes.
If you’re not sure, how about we ask Miss Din too?
What do you think?
Din.
Din!
Yes?
I asked what you think about this dress.
It’s beautiful.
I think I’m going to put my hair up like this.
And put on a slight makeup, so that it won’t look too flashy.
You already look so pretty without makeup.
You don’t have to compliment me. It’s just a fake marriage anyway.
Even though it’s not real, you’re the most beautiful bride in my eyes.
I’m sorry.
It was my fault, I tripped.
I’d…better go change then.
Can we stay like this for a while?
I know why you brought me here, but…
I know.
But even if it’s just a fake marriage,
I honestly want the best for you.
[Door knocking]
Hello.
Please feel free and choose any ring that you like.
Thank you.
Maybe this one.
It’s quite simple. I can wear it every day.
Can we try that one, please?
Yes.
It fits.
Then, I’ll take a similar one so that we can have a matching ring.
This one please.
Yes.
I didn’t expect you’d invest so much for this wedding.
We have to make it look real as much as possible.
Thank you so much…for doing this much for me.
Like I told you, I really want it to be a wonderful memory for both of us.
Go!
Why did you stop me, Dad? I was about to get rid of that bastard.
Get a grip on yourself. You can’t go around and cause more trouble.
I don’t care!
If anyone dares to steal what’s mine, I’ll kill them!
So what?
Are you going to blow her head right here in broad daylight?
Right now, the police–especially that Wayo girl–are keeping an eye on us.
Don’t do anything recklessly.
But they’re getting married in a few days, Dad.
Let me take care of that.
I’ll go talk to Din tomorrow.
[Saen Rak farm]
I’m thinking, maybe I should have my workers grow more flowers here.
So that you’d feel more like home.
What do you think?
Thank you.
Then, do you think we should…
Din!
Please stop here.
Come on, Nam.
Hurry up.
Nam! Fai!
Why didn’t you tell me you’d come?
And why didn’t you tell me before you’d decide to get married?
Rose! Are you her?
Fai!
Yes, I’m Rose.
Rose, if you want to get married, just marry me instead.
What?
Nam already told me everything. I’m not going to let my sister risking her life like that.
Fai, you should talk to me. Leave Rose out of this.
I don’t have anything to talk to you. I want to talk to her.
Come and marry me instead. We can do it right away. How about tomorrow? Nam…
Geez!
You’re here?
- Lom!
- I miss you so much.
[Lom]: Aww, let me see your face.
- Geez!
- My little boss.
Fai might seem unfriendly. But deep down she’s a nice person.
Please don’t worry.
[Lom]: I don’t have any girls to hug lately. Come give me a hug.
[Fai]: Go and hug Nam then.
[Fai]: Nam!
- No.
So, what’s your answer, Rose?
[Lom]: Shut up.
[Din]: All right then, let me officially introduce you guys to each other again.
Someone seems to have lost her mind earlier.
And her manners too.
Hey, what the heck?
This is Nam and Fai, my younger cousins.
Hello, Nam.
H…Hello, Fai.
This is Rose.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi…there.
We’ll help arrange the wedding for you.
Thank you so much.
Lom told me that you’re a pro in wedding arrangement.
Oh, not at all.
She’s exaggerating.
So, do you want to have the wedding here or at Chomchan farm?
What do you say?
I think it’d be safer to do it here.
And how many guests would you like to invite?
I want to keep it small and private.
Maybe with a small corner for the VIP guests like those senior officials from the province.
In case if Mr. Wasupol and his men show up, they mightn’t dare to stir up any trouble.
That’s a good idea.
Those senior officials can also be the witnesses for our wedding.
As for your safety, let me take care of that.
And about photography for a prewedding, Fai will help take care of it.
Who said I’d do it?
Fine. But that’s because Nam’s asked me to.
Okay then, I’m going to take a look around a bit.
I’ll see what I can do with the place.
Then, I’ll tell the organizer to work on it.
Go ahead then.
Fai, come and help me take some pictures. I have to send them to my staff.
Okay.
Please feel free to use as many flowers as you want from my farm.
I’ll tell my workers to bring them here for you.
Thank you.
Hey, can you stop making a sullen face?
What? I haven’t said anything yet. You’re all imagining it.
Fai, no matter what, I’m going to marry Rose. Please try to understand me a bit.
I know, I know. Can’t you see I’m trying to cooperate?
Where are you going?
To get my camera.
Din, did I do anything to upset Fai?
She’s always like that to strangers.
But once you get to know her more, she’s actually quite friendly.
Sis, let’s do the prewedding photoshoot tomorrow.
But it might look a little dry in the background.
Then, should we do it at your farm instead? It’ll probably look prettier.
Yeah, that’d be better. Can we use your farm, Rose?
Sure.
Miss Din! Miss Din!
Mr. Wasupol is here to see you.
♫ You’ll always have me by your side ♫
♫ In this marriage that our love will last forever♫
♫ I promise I’ll give you all my heart♫
♫ Remember when I said…♫
♫ That I’ll take great care of you♫
♫ I promise those words will always stay true♫
[Next Episode]
What ya doing, Boss Rose?
B…Boss?
Yes, boss.
[Fai]: Can you move a little closer to each other?
To make it look more believable.
On your wedding night, you’re not allowed to come out until the next morning.
Next morning?
Yes.
♫ You’ll always have me by your side ♫
♫ In this marriage that our love will last forever♫
[Rose]: If you’re feeling awkward,
let’s not sleep tonight then, shall we?
Let’s stay up all night and do something to tighten our relationship.
How so?
♫ Your touch burns a flame so bright,♫
♫Your warm embrace♫
♫Cools me down like ocean waves♫
♫A breeze so light, makes me wanna fly away♫
♫You keep me grounded, peaceful, and safe♫
♫Take my hand and just believe♫
♫I will stay right here beside you♫
♫And get through what will be♫
♫Night and day, In my arms, You and me♫
♫With our love and destiny♫
♫From here and now I’ll be with you♫
[North Star Entertainment]
[The Earth]